[Lang] ti.cross now supports 2D vectors (#1068)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/vector.rst

.. function:: ti.cross(a, b)

>     :parameter a: (Vector, 2, or 3 component)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :parameter a: (Vector, 2 or 3 components)
```

>     :parameter b: (Vector with the same component number as a)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :parameter b: (Vector of the same size as a)
```

>     :return: (Vector, 3D) the cross product of ``a`` and ``b``, if the component number is 3
>     :return: (Scalar) the last component of cross product of ``Vector([a,0])`` and ``Vector([b,0])``, if the component number is 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :return: (scalar (for 2D inputs), or 3D Vector (for 3D inputs)) the cross product of ``a`` and ``b`` 
```

    We use a right-handed coordinate system. E.g.,
    ::

        a = ti.Vector([1, 2, 3])
        b = ti.Vector([4, 5, 6])
        c = ti.cross(a, b)
        # c = [2*6 - 5*3, 4*3 - 1*6, 1*5 - 4*2] = [-3, 6, -3]

>         a2 = ti.Vector([1, 2])
>         b2 = ti.Vector([4, 5])
>         c2 = ti.cross(a, b)
>         # c2 = 1*5 - 4*2 = -3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        p = ti.Vector([1, 2])
        q = ti.Vector([4, 5])
        r = ti.cross(a, b)
        # r = 1*5 - 4*2 = -3
```

.. function:: ti.cross(a, b)

    :parameter a: (Vector, 2, or 3 component)
    :parameter b: (Vector with the same component number as a)
    :return: (Vector, 3D) the cross product of ``a`` and ``b``, if the component number is 3
    :return: (Scalar) the last component of cross product of ``Vector([a,0])`` and ``Vector([b,0])``, if the component number is 2

    We use a right-handed coordinate system. E.g.,
    ::

        a = ti.Vector([1, 2, 3])
        b = ti.Vector([4, 5, 6])
        c = ti.cross(a, b)

>         # [2*6 - 5*3, 4*3 - 1*6, 1*5 - 4*2] = [-3, 6, -3]

Reviewer 2: Thank for refactor, I guess it's better to include the var name in comment:
```suggestion
        # c = [2*6 - 5*3, 4*3 - 1*6, 1*5 - 4*2] = [-3, 6, -3]
```

        a2 = ti.Vector([1, 2])
        b2 = ti.Vector([4, 5])
        c2 = ti.cross(a, b)

>         # [2*0 - 5*0, 4*0 - 1*0, 1*5 - 4*2] = [0, 0, -3]
>         # here it only calculates and returns the last component -3

Reviewer 2: Let's not make people think we return `[0, 0, -3]` for cross 2d:
```suggestion
        # c2 = 1*5 - 4*2 = -3
```
